.\" manual page for w2do, a simple text-based todo manager
.\" Copyright (C) 2008 Jaromir Hradilek
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or
.\" any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;  with no
.\" Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" 
.\" A copy  of the license is included  as a file called FDL  in the main
.\" directory of the w2do source package.
.\"
.TH W2DO 1 "30 July 2008" "Version 2.0.4"
.SH NAME
w2do \- a simple text-based todo manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B w2do
.RB [ \-l ]
.RB [ \-g
.IR group ]
.RB [ \-d
.IR date ]
.RB [ \-p
.IR priority ]
.RB [ \-f | \-u ]
.br
.B w2do
.B \-a
.I task
.RB [ \-g
.IR group ]
.RB [ \-d
.IR date ]
.RB [ \-p
.IR priority ]
.RB [ \-f | \-u ]
.br
.B w2do
.B \-c
.I id
.RB [ \-t
.IR task ]
.RB [ \-g
.IR group ]
.RB [ \-d
.IR date ]
.RB [ \-p
.IR priority ]
.RB [ \-f | \-u ]
.br
.B w2do
.B \-r
.I id
.br
.B w2do
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B w2do
is a simple to use yet efficient command-line todo manager written in Perl
5.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS General options
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-list
Display items in the task list. All tasks are listed by default, but
desired subset can be easily selected via specifying options as well. Since
listing is the default action, this option can be safely omitted.
.TP
.BI \-a " task" "\fR,\fP \-\-add" " task"
Add new item with selected 
.I task
name to the task list. When no additional specifying options are given, the
group
.BR general ,
the due date
.BR anytime
and the priority
.B 3
is used by default and the task is marked as unfinished.
.TP
.BI \-c " id" "\fR,\fP \-\-change" " id"
Change item with selected
.I id
in the task list. Further specifying options are required in order to take
any effect.
.TP
.BI \-r " id" "\fR,\fP \-\-remove" " id"
Remove item with selected
.I id
from the task list.
.TP
.BI \-\-change\-group " group"
Change all items in the selected
.IR group .
Further specifying options are required in order to take any effect.
.TP
.BI \-\-remove\-group " group"
Remove all items from the selected
.IR group .
.TP
.BI \-\-purge\-group " group"
Remove all finished items from the selected
.IR group .
.TP
.BI \-\-change\-date " date"
Change all items with selected due
.IR date .
Further specifying options are required in order to take any effect.
.TP
.BI \-\-remove\-date " date"
Remove all items with selected due
.IR date .
.TP
.BI \-\-purge\-date " date"
Remove all finished items with selected due
.IR date .
.TP
.B \-\-change\-old
Change all items with passed due date. Further specifying options are
required in order to take any effect.
.TP
.B \-\-remove\-old
Remove all items with passed due date.
.TP
.B \-\-purge\-old
Remove all finished items with passed due date.
.TP
.B \-\-change\-all
Change all items in the task list. Further specifying options are required
in order to take any effect.
.TP
.B \-\-remove\-all
Remove all items from the task list.
.TP
.B \-\-purge\-all
Remove all finished items from the task list.
.TP
.BR \-U ", " \-\-undo
Revert last action. When invoked, the data are restored from the backup
file (i.e.
.I ~/.w2do.bak
by default), which is deleted at the same time.
.TP
.BR \-G ", " \-\-groups
Display comma\-delimited list of all groups in the task list.
.TP
.BR \-S ", " \-\-stats
Display detailed task list statistics.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Display version information and exit.
.SS Specifying options
.TP
.BI \-t " task" "\fR,\fP \-\-task" " task"
Specify the
.I task
name.
.TP
.BI \-g " group" "\fR,\fP \-\-group" " group"
Specify the
.I group
name. The group name should be a single word with maximum of 10 characters,
but longer names are shortened automatically.
.TP
.BI \-d " date" "\fR,\fP \-\-date" " date"
Specify the due
.IR date .
Available options are
.BR anytime ", " today ", " yesterday ", " tomorrow ", " month ", "
.BR year ", "
or an exact date in the YYYY-MM-DD format, e.g. 2008-06-17 for 17 June
2008.
.TP
.BI \-p " priority" "\fR,\fP \-\-priority" " priority"
Specify the
.IR priority .
Available options are integers between
.BR 1 " and " 5 ,
where 1 represents the highest priority.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-finished
Specify the finished task.
.TP
.BR \-u ", " \-\-unfinished
Specify the unfinished task.
.SS Additional options
.TP
.BI \-s " file" "\fR,\fP \-\-savefile" " file"
Use selected
.I file
instead of the default
.I ~/.w2do
as a save file.
.TP
.BI \-w " width" "\fR,\fP \-\-width" " width"
Use selected line
.IR width ;
the minimal value is
.BR 75 .
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Avoid displaying messages that are not necessary.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.w2do
Default save file.
.TP
.I ~/.w2do.bak
Default backup file.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR w2html (1),
.BR w2text (1),
.BR perl (1).
.SH BUGS
To report bugs please visit the appropriate section on the project
homepage: <http://code.google.com/p/w2do/issues/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jaromir Hradilek <jhradilek@gmail.com>.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or any later
version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant
Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.PP
A copy of the license is included as a file called FDL in the main
directory of the w2do source package.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2008 Jaromir Hradilek
.PP
This program is free software; see the source for copying conditions. It is
distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
